feat: add installation, usage and start docs (#116)
mainmatter/sheepdog: docs/src/content/docs/getting-started/usage.mdx

<Tabs syncKey="examples">
	<TabItem label="Dot notation">
	```svelte ins=".enqueue" {4}
	<script>
		import { task, timeout } from '@sheepdog/svelte';

    	const myTask = task.enqueue(async () => {
    		// async stuff
    	});
    </script>

    <button on:click={()=>{
    	myTask.perform();
    }}>
    	do async stuff one by one
    </button>
    ```
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem label="Option notation">
    ```svelte ins="enqueue" {6}
    <script>
    	import { task, timeout } from '@sheepdog/svelte';

    	const myTask = task(async () => {
    		// async stuff
    	}, { kind: "enqueue" });
    </script>

    <button on:click={()=>{
    	myTask.perform();
    }}>
    	do async stuff one by one
    </button>
    ```
    </TabItem>

</Tabs>

<LinkCard
	href="/guides/task-modifiers/"
	title="Task modifiers"
	description="Read everything about task modifiers in our guide"
/>

There are currently five task modifiers that you can apply to your task.

- `default`: the default behavior, every task will run immediately
- `drop`: if other tasks are already running the new instance will be immediately canceled
- `enqueue`: every task instance is stored in a queue and executed with a

>   [FIFO](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIFO_(computing_and_electronics)>) strategy

Reviewer: Do you know if it's possible to get this to open in a new window?

Author: Good idea...will fix

---
title: Usage
description: Basic usage of `@sheepdog/svelte`.
---

import { Tabs, TabItem, Code, Aside, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

The simplest way to use `@sheepdog/svelte` is the following

<Tabs syncKey="examples">
	<TabItem label="Dot notation">
	```svelte
	<script>
		import { task, timeout } from '@sheepdog/svelte';

    	const myTask = task(async () => {
    		// async stuff

>     	});

Reviewer: I think you made a good point earlier about this being confusing. Is it better to use a different task type here that actually displays the dot notation?

Author: I'm very thorned about this because on one hand i want to show the simplest possible code...noone will ever use `task.default`...maybe we should just not show the option notation here and just show it below?

Reviewer: Maybe that's best. The tabs could be `default` and `option notation`?

    </script>

    <button on:click={()=>{
    	myTask.perform();
    }}>
    	do async stuff
    </button>
    ```
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem label="Option notation">
    ```svelte
    <script>
    	import { task, timeout } from '@sheepdog/svelte';

    	const myTask = task(async () => {
    		// async stuff
    	}, { kind: "default" });
    </script>

    <button on:click={()=>{
    	myTask.perform();
    }}>
    	do async stuff
    </button>
    ```
    </TabItem>

</Tabs>

> this will run your async function when the user press the button. *"But why not use a normal async function?"* i hear you ask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run your async function when the user presses the button. *"But why not use a normal async function?"* I hear you ask.
```

> **Because the `myTask` variable that you used to call `perform` is also a svelte store that contains
> a lot of useful information's about your task!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Because the `myTask` variable that you used to call `perform` is also a svelte store that contains
a lot of useful information about your task!**
```

	 */
	isRunning: boolean;
	/**
	 * the last task instance, regardless of whether it errored, was canceled, or was successful
	 */
	last?: TaskInstance;
	/**
	 * the last canceled task instance
	 */
	lastCanceled?: TaskInstance;
	/**
	 * the last errored task instance
	 */
	lastErrored?: TaskInstance;
	/**
	 * the last running task instance, as soon as the task stops running, this will be undefined
	 */
	lastRunning?: TaskInstance;
	/**
	 * the last successful task instance
	 */
	lastSuccessful?: TaskInstance;
	/**
	 * number of times the task has been run,
	 */
	performCount: number;
};
```

## `TaskInstance` structure

- `error`: if an error is thrown inside the task instance, it will be found here
- `isCanceled`: whether the task instance was canceled
- `isError`: whether the task instance throw an error before completing
- `isRunning`: whether the task instance is currently running
- `isSuccessful`: whether the task instance completed successfully
- `value`: if the task instance completed successfully, this will be the return value

```ts
type TaskInstance<TReturn> = {
	/**
	 * If an error is thrown inside the task instance, it will be found here.
	 */

> 	error?: undefined;

Reviewer: I'm not great with TS but I don't think this is right

Author: Yeah that should be `Error` will fix

	/**
	 * Indicates whether the task instance was canceled.
	 */
	isCanceled: boolean;

	/**
	 * Indicates whether the task instance threw an error before completing.
	 */
	isError: boolean;

	/**
	 * Indicates whether the task instance is currently running.
	 */
	isRunning: boolean;

	/**
	 * Indicates whether the task instance completed successfully.
	 */
	isSuccessful: boolean;

	/**
	 * If the task instance completed successfully, this will be the return value.
	 */
	value?: TReturn;
};
```

## Task modifiers

> `@sheepdog/svelte` allow you to specify a task modifier that changes the behavior of the perform
> function when a certain task is already running. By default when you call `perform` the task will be
> executed immediately regardless if there are other instances of the same task in execution. By using
> the task modifier `enqueue` you could instruct `@sheepdog/svelte` to execute the task instances one
> by one (in a queue, who would've thought)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@sheepdog/svelte` allows you to specify a task modifier that changes the behavior of the perform
function. By default when you call `perform` the task will be
executed immediately regardless if there are other instances of the same task in execution. For example, you could use the `enqueue` modifier to instruct `@sheepdog/svelte` to execute the task instances one after another (in a queue - who would've thought)
```

Here's how you can specify the modifier:

<Tabs syncKey="examples">
	<TabItem label="Dot notation">
	```svelte ins=".enqueue" {4}
	<script>
		import { task, timeout } from '@sheepdog/svelte';

    	const myTask = task.enqueue(async () => {
    		// async stuff
    	});
    </script>

    <button on:click={()=>{
    	myTask.perform();
    }}>
    	do async stuff one by one
    </button>
    ```
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem label="Option notation">
    ```svelte ins="enqueue" {6}
    <script>
    	import { task, timeout } from '@sheepdog/svelte';

    	const myTask = task(async () => {
    		// async stuff
    	}, { kind: "enqueue" });
    </script>

    <button on:click={()=>{
    	myTask.perform();
    }}>
    	do async stuff one by one
    </button>
    ```
    </TabItem>

</Tabs>

<LinkCard
	href="/guides/task-modifiers/"
	title="Task modifiers"
	description="Read everything about task modifiers in our guide"
/>

There are currently five task modifiers that you can apply to your task.

- `default`: the default behavior, every task will run immediately

> - `drop`: if other tasks are already running the new instance will be immediately cancelled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `drop`: if other tasks are already running, the new instance will be immediately canceled
```

It breaks my British heart, but we have the American spelling of other words so we should use it everywhere

> - `enqueue`: every task instance is stored in a queue and executed with a FIFO strategy

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning what "FIFO" means?

Author: I'll link to the wikipedia page about it

- `keepLatest`: like drop but the last instance will actually be kept around and executed as soon as
  the current running instance finishes

> - `restart`: the current running instances is cancelled and the new one start running immediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `restart`: the oldest running task instance is canceled and the new one will start running immediately
```
